Improve documentation (#59)
cognitedata/bazel-snapshots: README.md

Re-deploying is often done by `bazel run`-ing some target, but the CD process could also determine this by itself.

Assuming there already exists some _tag_ called `deployed`, referring to some _snapshot_ representing the last set of deployed targets, we can use the `diff` command to both collect a snapshot and diff against the tag:

```sh
# Collect all trackers and diff against the snapshot tagged 'deployed'.
# Also output the collected snapshot to a file 'snapshot.json' and
# pretty-print a table of the detected changes to stderr.
$ bazel run snapshots -- diff --out snapshot.json --format=json --stderr-pretty deployed
```

The above command prints a JSON structure showing which targets have changed, along with their "run" labels and tags.
It's up to the CD process to interpret there results and run the necessary commands.

At the end of the CD process, we can push the snapshot we collected earlier and tag it as `deployed`, so that it will be used to diff against in the next CD process.

```sh
# Push the snapshot to remote storage
$ bazel run snapshots -- push --snapshot-path=snapshot.json

# Tag it as 'deployed'
baszel run snapshots -- tag deployed
```

## How It Works

> Bazel Snapshots works by tracking Bazel targets (build artifacts, outputs), by creating a _digest_ of the output files.

Reviewer: This was hard to read. I suggested rewriting to make it flow a little better. 

```suggestion
Bazel Snapshots tracks Bazel targets (build artifacts, outputs) by creating a _digest_ of the output files.
```
